Documentation Summer 2019
Updated to be used with Visual studio 2019.
Build in release mode.
kept input using IData file from old code. See the previous documentation.
See Floor9.txt and Floor10.txt to see how to input floor.
First is hallway senors connections and next to them is the distance between them. Include both
01-04 and 04-01. after all hallway sensors are done it starts with room sensors. These should be fomratted
same way already done. R followed by room number. Make sure this is the first thing to start the room
sensor block. next column is that room sensorID. Third column is the hallway sensor right outside the room,
or the closest ones if it can't be determined through looing at map which one should always be triggered.
Floor9.txt is missing some rooms because they are missing from map.

Code works by processing the data as much as possible before passing it into sensorcheck to determine
missingsensors of that ambulation.


Assumptions:
Valid Input
Ending Sensor is never missed. Last sensor in every path should always be a room sensor.
Shortest path is always calculated.
Ambulation should not take more than 60 minutes
Re-exit of room should be within 60 seconds.
repeating pattern of sensors is assumed to be walking back and forth between them.

Things to be worked on/Issues/Limitations:

Some Ambulations come out longer than they should be because of the way the input is processed.
The other floor sensors are deleted but if they are in between two sets of ambulations on the right floor
those get merged into one longer ambulation instead of staying two separate ones.

Need to find a solution as to what to do with room sensors present in a possible ambulation that 
aren't the patient's room. Right now that whole ambulation is just ignored. This also affects longer/
incorrect ambulations.

Instead of deleting everything, need to change it so that the information is used or relayed as out
of room information.


Maybe better functionality of determination of ending of an ambulation.

Stuff to know:
Does not consider two sensors or less as ambulation.
Calculates time and path and distance starting from first hallway sensor because info not available from
room to hallway.
If you make missing_sensor_check too large it might find a path that does not exist.
Outputs shortestpath. Calculates all paths tho so if you ever wanted longest path for some reason can
have that outputted instead.
0  for distance and 0 for speed indicates a strat of another ambulation.
Same limitation as previous. Shortest path so sensors by windows are pretty much cut out.
Added:
erases any ambulation that does not end with patient room. older version of code does not do this.



